Update README.md (#132)
jkarolczak/ligand-classification: README.md

#### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) (>= 20.0.0)
- [Docker Compose](https://docker-docs.netlify.app/compose/install/#install-compose) (>= 2.0.0)
- (Optional) For GPU support:
  - [CUDA](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads) (>= 11.3)
  - [NVCC](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-compiler-driver-nvcc/index.html)
  - [cuDNN](https://developer.nvidia.com/cudnn) (>= 8.0)
  - [NVIDIA Docker Runtime](https://developer.nvidia.com/nvidia-container-runtime)

#### Steps to Start

1. Clone this repository.
2. Set the necessary permissions: `sudo chmod 744 ./start.sh ./stop.sh`
3. Configure the environment by editing the `docker/.env` file:
   - Adjust `PYTORCH`, `CUDA`, and `CUDNN` settings if needed (for GPU use).
   - Set the `DATA_PATH` to point to your data directory. Default is `../../data/`.
4. Start the container:
   - For GPU use: `./start.sh`
   - For CPU use: `./start.sh cpu`
5. To stop the container:
   - For GPU use: `./stop.sh`
   - For CPU use: `./stop.sh cpu`

## Demo

The best model from the paper can be tested without the need to install anything. 

> The model is deployed as a Streamlit app under the link [ligands.xyz](https://ligands.xyz).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model is deployed as a Streamlit app under the link [ligands.cs.put.poznan.pl](https://ligands.cs.put.poznan.pl).
```

## Data

All the data necessary to reproduce results is available at [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/record/10908325).

Repository with code for extracting ligands from CryoEM difference maps is a submodule of this repository, but can be also found [here](https://github.com/dabrze/cryo-em-ligand-cutter/tree/6032b5701cad7a4db86f780b91c2078907e36e42).

> Additionally, the processed data used for training the model that revealed as the best in the paper is available [here](https://ligands.blob.core.windows.net/ligands/blobs_uniform_2000_max.tar.gz).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the preprocessed data (uniformly sampled and max pooled 2000 points per ligand) that were used to train the final model are available [here](https://ligands.blob.core.windows.net/ligands/blobs_uniform_2000_max.tar.gz).
```
